 ; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On October 22, 2025, Dwayne Milum, age 50, was appointed Senior Vice President and Controller of Walmart Inc. (“Walmart” or the “Company”), effective February 1, 2026. In this role, Mr. Milum will serve as the Company’s principal accounting officer. Since April 2022, Mr. Milum has served as the Company’s Senior Vice President and Chief Audit Executive. From October 2016 to April 2022, Mr. Milum served as Vice President and Controller for Walmart International and previously served in other roles since joining Walmart in 2004. David Chojnowski will continue to serve as the Company’s Senior Vice President and Controller until the close of business on January 31, 2026, at which time he will transition to the role of Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Tax. Pursuant to the terms of Mr. Milum’s promotion, he will receive an annual base salary of $600,000, subject to annual adjustment. He will also continue to be eligible for an annual cash incentive under the Company’s Management Incentive Plan (the “MIP”), based on performance criteria established by the Compensation and Management Development Committee (the “CMDC”) of the Company’s Board of Directors. For the Company’s fiscal year ending January 31, 2027 (“fiscal 2027”), Mr. Milum’s target annual cash incentive payment under the MIP will be 50% of his base salary. He will also continue to be eligible to receive an annual equity award, generally consisting of a combination of performance-based restricted stock units and restricted stock. For fiscal 2027, Mr. Milum will receive performance-based restricted stock units with a target value of $1,125,000, which provide the right to receive shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.10 per share, vesting on January 31, 2030, if performance goals for fiscal 2027 established by the CMDC are achieved. For fiscal 2027, Mr. Milum will also receive restricted stock valued at $375,000, vesting over a three-year period. Mr. Milum does not have an employment contract with the Company, and his employment will continue to be on an at-will basis. In connection with his promotion, Mr. Milum and the Company will enter into a Post-Termination Agreement and Covenant Not to Compete (the “Non-Compete Agreement”). The Non-Compete Agreement will prohibit Mr. Milum, for a period of one year following termination of employment with the Company for any reason, from participating in a business that competes with the Company. The Non-Compete Agreement will also provide that, if Mr. Milum’s employment is terminated by the Company for any reason other than for a violation of the Company’s policies, the Company will continue to pay his base salary for up to one year following termination of employment. 